Introduction
============
The iTCH project consists of two separate applications:
  - An iTunes plug-in for Windows
  - A multi-platform client application
  
The iTunes plug-in can only be built on Windows, while the
client application can be compiled for both Windows and
Linux/UNIX operating systems.  The build system is setup
so that the plug-in code is ignored for non-Windows systems.

The installation instructions describe the process for building
both plug-in and client application.  Instructions for building
the plug-in application should be ignored when not working on
Windows.


Prerequisites
=============
Building the iTCH software requires the following applications
and libraries:
- CMake cross-platform, open-source build system:
    http://www.cmake.org
  
- Qt cross-platform application and UI framework, version 4.6 or greater:
    http://qt.nokia.com
  
- Protocol Buffers library:
    http://code.google.com/p/protobuf/

- iTunes COM for Windows SDK (for Windows builds only):
    http://connect.apple.com

Acces to the iTunes COM for Windows SDK requires a free Apple
Developer Connection account, which can be created at the ADC
website (http://developer.apple.com).  After creating an
account, go to http://connect.apple.com, click on the "Developer
Tools" link found in the Downloads menu.  Then search for 
"iTunes COM for Windows SDK" and download the assocaited zip
file.


Building the code
=================
Preparing to build the client application or plug-in:
Before building the code, the Qt and Protocol Buffers must be
installed.  These can be compiled and installed from source, or
installed from pre-compiled binaries.  Refer to the installation
instructin for both libraries for the appropriate installation
procedure.

Additional preparation for building the plug-in:
After the Qt and Protocol Buffers dependencies are installed,
the "iTunes COM for Windows SDK" source code should be added to
the iTCH distribution.  This is done by extracting the directory
found within "iTunes COM for Windows SDK" zip file to the root
directory of the iTCH distribution.  The "iTunes COM for Windows
SDK" directory should be named iTunesCOMWindowsSDK.

With the Qt and Protocl Buffers dependencies installed, and the
"iTunes COM for Windows SDK" source code copied to the root iTCH
directory (windows only), CMake should be used to generate the
appropriate build files for your preferred build environment.
You must specify the locations of the Qt and Protocol Buffers
header and library files as part of the CMake configuration
process.  Once CMake has generated the build files for you build
environment, the iTCH programs can be built from within that
environment.
